I have many hobbies , but i like reading most . Book are always a good friend to me .
 I often read books when I have free time
Reading help me gain more Knowledge that canbe applied in life
When i am stressed at work or in life , I often immese my self in the world of books

One of my favorite books is How to win friends and influence pepople
I think reading is one of the most interesting indoors activities.

---------

-  MEMORABLE HOLIDAY

My memorable holiday was on last summer . My parents allowed me to go to Ha Long Bay with friends
It was probably one of my good memories with my friends

	there were four people in the trip : two boys and two girls . they are all my best friends ,we played together 
since we were in elementary school

	We start the early morning excursion to Halong Bay at 11am . Here, we enjoy dishes with the taste of the sea 
and admire the majestic scenery of Ha Long Bay
	in the morning, we got up at four to see the sunrise sight .It was very peaceful and quiet in early morning

-------------- TV program

	I am a fourth year student and about to graduate, I am very busy with studying .
 Although I am very fond of watching television, I can only spend an hour after dinner on my hobby . 
Out of all the programs I like to watch the news the most
	The news programs displayed on all VTV channels at 7:00 pm. It help me know almost everything about the different venues in our country 
and important events happening around the world.
 Through these programs,I can also learn about major national and international sporting events.
	The program gives me a lot of social knowledge

	Là một học sinh trung học phổ thông, tôi rất bận rộn với việc học. Mặc dù tôi rất thích xem tivi, 
tôi chỉ có thể dành một giờ sau bữa tối cho sở thích của mình. Trong tất cả các chương trình truyền hình, 
tôi thích tin tức và phim tài liệu nhất. Các chương trình tin tức được hiển thị trên tất cả các kênh truyền hình lúc 7:00
 tối giúp tôi biết hầu hết mọi thứ về các địa điểm khác nhau ở nước ta và các sự kiện quan trọng xảy ra trên toàn thế giới. 
Thông qua các chương trình này, tôi cũng có thể biết về các sự kiện thể thao chính trong nước và quốc tế

-------------- Favourite places to visit

one of my favorite place is Minh's house , Which is located in Halong Bay .
	I often go to his houst every summer


---------- a job that you like
	I want to be a mobile programming engineer. I like working with computers . It is an interesting job
	 I can sit and study with the computer all day without getting bored.
There is a great need for mobie programming engineers in the world , so I will be able to find a job easily
To become a programming engineer, I need a degree and a lot of programming experience
it would take a while to achieve this dream , but i will do my best to make it come true